Run Instructions:
Below command can be used to run the server and clients has to be run separately ( telnet can be used)
Server is listening on localhost:9000

run go server.go

Test Instruction:
Key-Value server can be tested by hitting below command assuming both the files server.go and server_test.go are in same directory

run test


Requirements:
go 1.1.1 and higher

Work Completed:
1)Implemented basic operations set,get,getm,delete,cas
2)Handled concurrency using locks
3)Used priority queue(MIN-HEAP) for periodic cleanup of expired key-value pairs
4)Added few test scenarios to test code


Work Remaining:
Few more test scenarios to encoroporate multiple concurrent clients are to be added

Functionalities:
(Copied from problem statement)

   1)Set: create the key-value pair, or update the value if it already exists.

    set <key> <exptime> <numbytes> [noreply]\r\n
    <value bytes>\r\n

    The server responds with:

    OK <version>\r\n  

    where version is a unique 64-bit number (in decimal format) assosciated with the key.
    Get: Given a key, retrieve the corresponding key-value pair

   2)get <key>\r\n

    The server responds with the following format (or one of the errors described later)

    VALUE <numbytes>\r\n
    <value bytes>\r\n

   3)Get Meta: Retrieve value, version number and expiry time left

     getm <key>\r\n

    The server responds with the following format (or one of the errors described below)

    VALUE <version> <exptime> <numbytes>\r\n
    <value bytes>\r\n

    4)Compare and swap. This replaces the old value (corresponding to key) with the new value only if the version is still the same.

    cas <key> <exptime> <version> <numbytes> [noreply]\r\n
    <value bytes>\r\n

    The server responds with the new version if successful (or one of the errors described late)

      OK <version>\r\n

    5) Delete key-value pair

     delete <key>\r\n

    Server response (if successful)

      DELETED\r\n

Options:

    1)key : an ascii text string (max 250 bytes) without spaces
    2)numbytes: size of the value block, not including the trailing \r\n. It is in an ascii text format.
    3)version: A 64-bit number generated by the server, in ascii text format.
    4)exptime: An offset in seconds after which the value may not be available. 0 indicates no expiry at all.

Errors that are returned.

    1) “ERR_VERSION \r\n” (the value was not changed because of a version mismatch)
    2) “ERRNOTFOUND\r\n” (the key doesn’t exist)
    3) “ERRCMDERR\r\n” (the command line is not formatted correctly)
    4) “ERR_INTERNAL\r\n
